this is the Oh 6 Dodge Charger r/t 5.7
liter so v8 see us a little dusty up
under here when I'm driving a lot take
you around the car
we got the factory rounds well right
round we got no 22s and then we got
their Hemi though that's what makes a
cross that's what it's about take it to
the inside of a car inside very clean
still smell good in here
rhinos each other let's take you around
the car we got the pipes on here today
sounds good
we
and
finished taking you out around the car
so you can get a look at that hood ain't
ended out though
see that's the hood I was talking about
see hi sit up high the air sorties don't
sit up that high it's Indian this one go
out way back to the one I like this one
better
you